ADD: Documentation for Inventory Module and Closeable Menu (#180)
ink-inc/MagicMittelalterGame: doc/developer_guide/Inventory/InventoryDisplay.adoc

=== Responsibility

> Inventory Display handles the Display of Inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inventory Display handles the display of the Inventory.
```
Inventory can be capitalized here because it describes a special concept related to the game.

Reviewer: could also be `the player's Inventory` or `an Inventory`

> The script inheritates from link:../Menu/CloseableMenu.adoc[CloseableMenu]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script inherits from link:../Menu/CloseableMenu.adoc[CloseableMenu]. 
```

> The `Show()` method is overriden and includes a display Refresh and the emptying of the details view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Show()` method is overridden and includes a display refresh and the emptying of the details view.
```

> The `Hide()` method is overriden and includes destruction of InventorySlot children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Hide()` method is overridden and includes destruction of the InventorySlot children.
```

=== Showing/Refreshing the inventory

> `RefreshDisplay()` is called when Showing the inventory. First, the Inventory Content is fetched from link:Inventory.adoc[Inventory].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RefreshDisplay()` is called when showing the inventory. First, the Inventory content is fetched from link:Inventory.adoc[Inventory].
```

==== Sorting
Then the items will be sorted using a link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_sort[Bubble Sort Algorithm].
Currently it can be sorted after `NAME`, `TYPE` and `WEIGHT`, in ascending or descending order.

> `SortInventory(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem][])` has an implementation of the sort algorithm. The Comparison-Method is extruded to `IsGreater(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem], link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem])` and returns `true`, if the second link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem] has a higher value in the used sort variable (`NAME`, `TYPE`, `WEIGHT`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SortInventory(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem][])` has an implementation of the sort algorithm. The comparison has been split off to `IsGreater(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem], link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem])` and returns `true`, if the second link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem] has a higher value in the used sort variable (`NAME`, `TYPE`, `WEIGHT`).
```

> After sorting the Array, the script will Instantiate an `InventorySlot`-Prefab for each link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem] currently held by the Player. Each InventorySlot has a ButtonListener attached, the Left Click is bound to `displayDetails(int)`, the Right Click is bound to `displayContext(int)`, with `int` representing the index of the item in the inventory-array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After sorting the Array, the script will instantiate an `InventorySlot`-Prefab for each link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem] currently held by the Player. Each InventorySlot has a ButtonListener attached, the Left Click is bound to `displayDetails(int)`, the Right Click is bound to `displayContext(int)`, with `int` representing the index of the item in the inventory-array.
```

> After Instantiation only the slot/weight capactiy texts are updated and shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After instantiation only the slot/weight capacity texts are updated and shown.
```
